If you're constantly wrestling with not
having enough money, this coaching video
is going to really hit home.
>> Money is the confirmation from others
that I can have freedom.
>> Uhhuh. That's the issue.
Let that in for a minute. You're never
going to get the confirmation from
others that you're seeking.
>> I'm trying to figure out my money blocks
and I've got a lot of clues. I've done a
lot of different therapies, done a lot
of things. I got more clues on this
call. And
>> where are you right now? Where what
location?
>> Switzerland. Oh, cool.
>> Actually, one of the reasons I came here
was to get more comfortable with money.
>> Oh, cool. I um that's an interesting
thing. I moved to Switzerland, which
takes money to get more comfortable with
money.
>> Yeah, exactly. And
>> yeah, it's stressful at the same time,
but I try to just let it go and
>> Okay, so tell me what the what the what
the question is direct like in one
sentence. What's the question?
>> Why where why is the money flow blocked?
Why is the money flowing to me blocked?
I don't know. Am I doing it? It
>> clearly isn't.
It's like
>> Is that a computer you're using to talk
to me?
>> Yes.
>> Did you buy it?
>> No.
>> How did you get the computer?
>> I bought I bought my phone to be fair.
So, yeah, I did. I person I was working
with bought it so I could work.
>> Okay. Yeah. And And this house that
you're in, are you paying rent?
>> Yes.
>> Okay. And you you used money to get to
Switzerland. Yeah.
>> Yes. It feels like it's almost just
enough. Like I'm always in debt. I can
never get over zero. That's one thing I
realized recently. Everything
>> Hold on. No, no. The question was how is
the money blocked? The answer is it's
not
the money flow to you is not blocked.
>> Okay.
So why am I still in debt after?
>> There's a good question.
Yeah, that's a great question.
>> Like when I get a lot at once, I spend
it.
>> Well, that's why you're in debt. Cool.
Now you've answered that question.
What's the next question?
>> Why? Why is it when I try to get
clients, I try to build my business,
>> it just doesn't get traction. It doesn't
work. And I feel like
>> So, you're asking me the same question
in multiple ways.
Yeah,
>> because you've had a client.
>> Yeah,
>> you just haven't had enough. You have
money, but when you have enough, you
spend it. I don't have blockage. I do
have blockage. What's the question?
>> You've been asking this question for
years. You have all these clues. You've
been spending money on these clues.
>> Yeah.
>> Right. So, you've you're I'm spending
money on clues to find out why I don't
have money to spend.
>> Yes.
>> Like there So, there's this whole
weirdness. What's And so potentially the
whole issue is you've been asking the
wrong question.
So take a moment and tell me what the
question is.
How do I make money doing what I really
want to do? What I love.
Okay. So now just replace that with
life.
Replace the word money with life.
>> How do I make life
doing what I love?
>> Yeah.
>> I don't get it.
>> What's the difference between money and
life?
Money gives
opportunities for life. Money gives
freedom. It's freedom.
>> Yeah. Life is freedom. That's my
experience.
>> Yes. Money equals freedom.
>> Life equals freedom.
Life equals freedom.
>> Go like this. Go like this.
>> That's freedom. You have freedom to do
this or this or this. This this
>> Yes.
>> Freedom is a birthright.
So what's the difference between life
and money?
Money is the confirmation from others
that I can have freedom.
>> Uhhuh.
That's the issue.
>> Yeah.
>> Are using money as some version of
confirmation.
>> Yeah.
>> The confirm.
>> Yeah. I was never allowed.
>> The confirmation of others is blocked.
Why can't I do what I love and get the
confirmation of others?
This is the question you're asking.
[Music]
>> Well, okay. Why can't I do what I want
and get the confirmation of others? Yes,
that's it. Yeah,
that's it.
I I search that in other ways
>> to get the confirmation from others
about my projects, my ideas.
>> You'll never get it.
>> What would make anybody want to confirm
that?
>> Yeah. It's a codependency.
>> Yeah.
So, like let that in for a minute.
You're never going to get the
confirmation from others that you're
seeking.
No,
>> nobody ever has.
>> Right now I'm on a call with whatever it
was 500 and something people.
>> I could consider this confirmation.
There's another 500 who thinks think
that I'm an [__] or think that I'm
inappropriate or think that I swear too
much or
I'm never going to get the confirmation
of others. It never comes. It's not how
humans work.
>> It's like if I don't then
they don't want to work with me. They
don't want to give me money. They want
to do something with me.
>> Yeah. So, no [__] make a living
apparently.
>> Say, say again the internet.
>> I said no [__] make a living
apparently.
I don't know how how some hedge fund
managers do it. Then
>> means there's always someone who wants
to
work with you.
>> There's also lots of ways to make money
without needing people to work with you.
>> They're not like myself.
>> No, there's the old pattern. That's the
old thought process.
>> Trying to find something externally.
>> The question is,
what makes you look for confirmation
from others when you can never get it?
What makes me look for confirmation from
others when I can never get it?
because I'm not good enough to do it
anything myself
>> because therefore what I heard was
because I can't confirm myself.
>> I can't confirm myself. Yeah. Yeah. I
don't trust myself.
>> Every question that you ask is what's
wrong with me.
>> Yeah. you will turn any question into
some version of what's wrong with me.
>> So, of course, you're looking for
outside confirmation. You're not getting
it from yourself.
>> Yeah.
So, can you find one thing to confirm
about yourself? One thing that you can
say is pretty [__] awesome about you.
I moved to Switzerland with no money and
got to job.
Completely antithetical to every
question that you've asked me so far.
Oh, there's a lot of stress involved.
Why?
>> Yeah, stress is involved. That's what
happens in life.
>> You're something you said at the
beginning of the call. Really?
>> Wait, see even that. Hold on a second.
Even that there's a lot of stress
involved. Not my I have a lot of
capacity to handle stress.
>> Okay.
>> Everything. You're seeing everything
through this lens.
everything to the lens that I'm not
>> good enough.
>> Good enough. That's
>> Yes. Yes. Yes.
>> So, do me a favor. Close your eyes for a
minute. Listen to your thoughts.
Every time your thought says something
that is uh derogatory, mean,
self-defeating,
I want you to say, "Ouch." Keep your
eyes closed and I just want you to say
ouch every time you hear it
out loud.
>> Mhm. I'm I'm not getting any mean or
derogatory thoughts.
>> Uh tell me what your thoughts are
when they come.
that I'll never find a way out of this
money block.
>> That's ouch.
>> Ouch.
>> If I said Yeah, that's an ouch.
>> Yeah, there we go.
>> Ouch.
>> Yeah.
>> So, Peter, that's what you're looking to
get out of. That's the thing that you
think if you have confirmation this will
stop.
>> Mhm. Mhm.
>> It doesn't.
>> Will it ever?
>> It does. There's no way to stop it.
>> Oh, of that's a that's a slightly odd
question, but what you're the way you're
looking for it isn't going to make that
work.
>> Okay. Yeah.
>> Yeah.
Stopping it, if you're trying to stop
it, it doesn't stop.
But if you react But if you react to it
differently, it changes.
>> Okay?
>> Right now, it tells you you're never
going to get out of it and you believe
it.
>> So if you believe everything it says, it
continues. Why would it not?
Think about it like it's a politician
and if the population believes in it, it
just keeps going. And at some point the
population stops believing in it. It
stops going
>> momentum. Yeah.
>> Yeah.
So how do you want to react to that?
>> The the the the negative selft talk. How
do I
>> You're never going to get out of this.
>> Yeah.
>> What's the reaction you want to have?
>> That I am going to get that I am going
to get out of it. I am going to in a
positive term I would say that I am
going to
find out what I want and do it and have
the freedom that I want. That I'm going
to have the freedom that I want.
>> Great.
>> Eventually. Ouch.
>> Yes.
>> Yeah.
>> Is that helpful if we just start?
>> Yes.
>> Every day now. Ouch. Ouch.
>> Yes. Yeah. Really helpful.
>> Okay. Also good ones are things like I
see that you're scared and I'm right
here with you.
Yeah, I seen that in a video you did
recently like the the that kind of selft
talk when I beat myself up not doing
enough and
>> yeah that sort of just giving myself the
permission to just let it be
>> also I wonder if that's true that's a
good one
>> huh
>> how true is that
>> is that true
>> or there's a thousand of them experiment
Hi.
>> In other words, stop worrying if if it's
even ever going to happen and just
understand it.
>> Understand it.
Like give it the love and compassion
that you want.
I'll show you. Close your eyes.
>> Let it do its thing.
and see what it's like just to give it
love and compassion.
Another word
>> to give that that that part of me that
is the negative selft talk or the scared
it will never happen to give it
compassion.
>> Yeah.
Love, compassion. Yeah.
Tell me when you feel that love for it.
I feel a a sympathy. I feel a an
understanding or a or um I'm grasping
for the right word. Feel a
Yeah. kind of like an understanding.
>> Yeah.
>> Like when you see someone suffering and
you're just like, "Oh,
>> okay. It's okay. I'll be with you."
>> Yeah.
>> Now, do you want that or do you want
money?
If you had to spend your life with the
amount of money you have now, but that
deep understanding and compassion
for for that part of yourself or you had
all the money in the world that you
wanted.
Answer honestly, but all of that no
compassion. You were still in that mind
[__]
>> What would you want?
>> Yeah, of course the previous. But can't
I have both?
>> Of course you can have both.
>> You've just been doing the order of
operations a little weird.
>> Okay.
>> What what can you expand on?
>> Yeah. If you if you look at like as two
dominoes, you can make the money and
then you can do the self-standing is
less efficient than do the self-love and
compassion and then the money is easier.
And the good news is the self-love and
compassion doesn't take but a couple
days.
>> When I do the self-love and compassion,
freedom comes easier.
>> Freedom is recognized easier. Freedom's
already here.
recognize easier.
>> When you were in that place, when you
were in that place of love and
compassion, how free did you feel?
>> I It wasn't even on the radar.
>> Yeah,
>> exactly.
>> And when you're telling yourself you're
never going to get there, how free do
you feel?
>> No. totally like in chains.
>> Yeah.
>> Thank you.
>> If you found this coaching video helpful
and you want to experience it yourself
or participate in a live coaching event,
just go here or click the link below.
I'd love to see you there.